# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data about direct phone call marketing of a Portuguese banking institution. 

In this project we aim to predict whether the customer decided to subrcribe to the bank's product or not.

The experiment was used both hyperdrive run and automl run. As a result, the best performing model was Voting Ensemble by automl with an accuracy of 0.9173

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

**The pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

The pipeline was followed this order:
- Import Data
- Cleaning Data
- Data Split for training and testing
- Setting sampling parameter
- Create instance for logistic regression
- Model fitting
- Checking model accuracy
- Export best selected model

The parameters used to tune the hyperparameter tuning were C and max_iter. C is an inverse of regularization strength, where smaller values specify stronger regularization, while max_iter specifies the number of maximum iterations that can be taken for the solvers to converge.

This experiment used Logistic regression as classification algorithm, since it is a good type of model for binary classification. It transforms its output using the logistic sigmoid function to return a probability value.


**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

The random sampling method was chosen in this case particularly because of the limited time available to do the run. This method uses less computation resources and takes less time, compared to other sampling methods such as grid sampling. This is due to the fact that random sampling randomly selects hyperparameter values from the defined seach space, while grid sampling performs a simple but exhaustive grid search over all possible values.

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
The cluster clean up code was included in the notebook and excecuted at the end of the code.
